Transformation Calculator v1.0.0 by Craig McCulloch

Help File (2012/03/14)
					
1) Begin by entering in the initial point. Start entering the x
coordinate by clicking the number, negation, and decimal point 
buttons. If at any time an error was entered, you may use the
"<" button to delete the last character entered. You may continue
to use the "<" to delete all coordinates if necessary.

2) When finished entering the x coordinate, click the ">" button
and enter the y coordinate.

3) When finished entering the y coordinate, click the ">" button.
If in 2D mode, go to step 5.

4) Enter the z coordinate and click ">" when finished. 

5) Select the desired transformation button that is now enabled.

6) At this point, you will see the message "INIT" followed by your
initial point in the large text area. You will also see a message 
in the entry box prompting you to enter the vector or scalar that
will be applied to the initial value using the selected function.
When completed entering the appropriate data in similar fashion as
stated in steps 1-5, you will again be prompted to select another
transformation.

7) Repeat step 6 as necessary to apply transformations to the
matrix transformation stack. Each additional transformation will
be applied (pre-multiplied) to the initial point.

8) When completed entering the last value(s) for the last
transformation, click the red "Calculate" button to see the final
transformation matrix as well as the final result.

9) If you click "Clear" you will be prompted whether or not to
keep the final result for further transformations.

10) At any time, you may click "Clear" to clear the stack and
start over.

11) To enter "0.0" for any scalar, simply press the ">" button.

12) To change between "2D" and "3D", select the desired item in
the drop down menu.

Known Bugs
1) Entering two decimal dots in one scalar will quietly fail when
selecting the transformation. Workaround: Click on "Clear" to
start over, then only enter one decimal point per scalar. 